the-list.md, before:

# The List
Here is a list of all the short stories, poems, and essays collected for the 1,000 night challenge.

## Short stories
Start with [Dahl](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roald_Dahl), [Hemingway](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hemingway), [Matheson](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Matheson), [Cheever](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Cheever), [Kneale](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigel_Kneale), [Collier](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Collier_%28writer%29), [Warton](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edith_Wharton), and [Irving](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington_Irving).

#### Dahl
- [Full list (not texts) of short stories](http://www.roalddahlfans.com/shortstories.php)
- [The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl volume 2 (Scribd)](http://www.scribd.com/doc/15666439/The-Collected-Short-Stories-of-Roald-Dahl-Volume-2-Roald-Dahl)
- "Beware of the Dog" [link](http://www.classicshorts.com/stories/botd.html)
- "Man From the South" [link](http://www.classicshorts.com/stories/south.html)
- "Lamb to Slaughter" [link](http://www.classicshorts.com/stories/lamb.html)

## Poems
Start with [Shakespeare](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Shakespeare), [Frost](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Frost), and [Pope](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Pope).

#### Shakespeare
- [PoemHunter's List of Shakespeare poems](http://www.poemhunter.com/william-shakespeare/)
- "A Fairy Song" [link](http://www.poemhunter.com/poem/a-fairy-song/)
- "A Madrigal" [link](http://www.poemhunter.com/poem/a-madrigal-2/)
- "Aubade" [link](http://www.poemhunter.com/poem/aubade-2/)

## Essays
Start with [Huxley](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aldus_Huxley) and [Eiseley](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loren_Eiseley).

#### Huxley
- 1958 Collected Essays _Appears to be a collection of Huxley essays_ "Wordsworth in the Tropics" [link to pdf on GDrive](https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B1wVj1bO9bocY0x2N0dXNzNkVWc/)

Commit message:

remove huxley, replace with chesterton

the-list.md, after:

# The List
Here is a list of all the short stories, poems, and essays collected for the 1,000 night challenge.

## Short stories
Start with [Dahl](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roald_Dahl), [Hemingway](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hemingway), [Matheson](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Matheson), [Cheever](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Cheever), [Kneale](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigel_Kneale), [Collier](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Collier_%28writer%29), [Warton](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edith_Wharton), and [Irving](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington_Irving).

#### Dahl
- [Full list (not texts) of short stories](http://www.roalddahlfans.com/shortstories.php)
- [The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl volume 2 (Scribd)](http://www.scribd.com/doc/15666439/The-Collected-Short-Stories-of-Roald-Dahl-Volume-2-Roald-Dahl)
- "Beware of the Dog" [link](http://www.classicshorts.com/stories/botd.html)
- "Man From the South" [link](http://www.classicshorts.com/stories/south.html)
- "Lamb to Slaughter" [link](http://www.classicshorts.com/stories/lamb.html)

## Poems
Start with [Shakespeare](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Shakespeare), [Frost](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Frost), and [Pope](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Pope).

#### Shakespeare
- [PoemHunter's List of Shakespeare poems](http://www.poemhunter.com/william-shakespeare/)
- "A Fairy Song" [link](http://www.poemhunter.com/poem/a-fairy-song/)
- "A Madrigal" [link](http://www.poemhunter.com/poem/a-madrigal-2/)
- "Aubade" [link](http://www.poemhunter.com/poem/aubade-2/)

## Essays
Start with [Chesterton](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G._K._Chesterton).

#### Chesterton
- A Book of Essays, first published 1931 "All is Grist" [link to text](http://www.cse.dmu.ac.uk/~mward/gkc/books/GKC_All_is_Grist.html)
